What a big breath
Is my disciple of Tianyuan Sect the one you said you wanted?
Brother, you go to fight
i
Elder, this disciple of the Silver Immortal Sect seems to be You
But not necessarily really capable?
You are looking down on me, look
This is a strong decision
Vigorously deciding this is the method of exiting the silver fairy gate
Can greatly increase strength
You can even push mountains to reclaim the sea
My Heavenly Abyss Gate Good Tribulation Array and Medical Skills
There has never been a similar mindset
I'm afraid we're going to lose this time.
This night, there is something
Don't just watch the play
This is the face of our Tianyuanmen
Ah!
Ha ha.
How did it go?
Can someone dare to challenge you at Tianyuan Gate?
Your pastoral gates are all shrinking turtles, right?
Luggage you go
I, um, I see Xiao Yifeng, he is eager to try
Why don't you let him try
I what
You let this trash compete with me
This is looking down on me, right?
It seems that I can't hide today
In that case, I'll do it
Hum Xiaoying Peak
This time, I'll let you out of this game first